## Hi there 👋

I am currently working on some personal projects outside of school. Primarily, my focus lies on a randomizer website that lets users play around with a bunch of fun tools they might need. Feel free to check it out on randomizerkit.com! Besides this project, I have done a lot of work in school, but these are private repositories I cannot make public. Some of the work done there have been: A Formula 1 themed reaction timer that runs as an app with a database behind. A flashcard application, also with a database, that let users create custom decks with flashcards in them and then study these flashcards. This app also integrated AI (OpenAI API) to let users create questions and then use AI to get a good answer for it. The AI also graded users answers to questions from 0 to 100%. I also created a RESTful API for the app which allowed users to control deck and flashcards from beyond the app itself. We have also built transaction and vehicle management systems for fictional companies that worked very well. Besides these private projects, it is definitely my aim to publish a lot more personal public repositories with a bunch of interesting work like the randomizer website I created!

In these projects, my main programming languages have been C#, Java, JavaScript, HTML(declarative, I know), CSS and SQL. My aim is also to increase my knowledge by learning more languages as often as I can!

This semester at university, I have been taking a course called "Advanced Database Systems" which is what I am currently focusing on in that aspect. I believe databases are super important to learn and know about, so this course feels perfect. Besides that course, I am also taking some non-programming courses since I am on my fifth semester and we had a lot of options. One of those courses is "Film and History" which I find to be very interesting.

Please do not hesitate to contact me about pretty much anything, my email can be found on my profile!
